SPLITTING MAP : tables/client.txt on 0
Split 1 : tables/client.txt
fftffftfffffffffffffffffffff
Split 2 : tables/client.txt
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Split 3 : tables/client.txt
ffffffffffffffftffffffffffff
Split 4 : tables/client.txt
fffffffffffffffffffffftfffff
--------------------------------
SPLITTING MAP : tables/viewing.txt on 0
Split 1 : tables/viewing.txt
fftfffffffffffffffffffffffff
Split 2 : tables/viewing.txt
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Split 3 : tables/viewing.txt
ffffffffffffffftffffffffffff
Split 4 : tables/viewing.txt
fffffffffffffffffffffftfffff
--------------------------------
SPLITTING MAP : tables/orders.txt on 0
Split 1 : tables/orders.txt
ffftffffffffffffffffffffffff
Split 2 : tables/orders.txt
ffffffftffffffffffffffffffff
Split 3 : tables/orders.txt
ffffffffffffffftffffffffffff
Split 4 : tables/orders.txt
ffffffffffffffffffffffftffff
--------------------------------
SPLITTING MAP : tables/parts.txt on 0
Split 1 : tables/parts.txt
ftfftfffffffffffffffffffffff
Split 2 : tables/parts.txt
fffffffffftttfffffffffffffff
Split 3 : tables/parts.txt
fffffffffffffffffffftfffffff
Split 4 : tables/parts.txt
ffffffffffffffffffffftffffff
--------------------------------
SPLITTING MAP : tables/odetails.txt on 1
Split 1 : tables/odetails.txt
ffftffffffffffffffffffffffff
Split 2 : tables/odetails.txt
ffffffftffffffffffffffffffff
Split 3 : tables/odetails.txt
ffffffffffffffftffffffffffff
Split 4 : tables/odetails.txt
ffffffffffffffffffffffftffff
